Garrett Tinlin - Project-2
For this project I followed along to the zoom lectures and used some of those ideas with my project. I used tailwind as a way to set up the page. I have attached a Javascript file that should help with the responsiveness when you are trying to search for a gif. When you hit the submit button, there should be some gifs that pop up that correspond to the search term that you used. I have added some css to make the page look nice, using some div apps. As you make the page bigger or smaller the nav bar should change to whatever the size of the page is at. I am feeling more and more comfortable with the media queries but it is something I want to keep working on. There are plenty of ways to improve my page. I can link pages to the nav bar at the top to show future users what to do when they come to my page or if they have questions they can contact me at my email. Secondly, I can make the page more responsive and add a limit to the amount of gifs that show up. I do not know how to add a limit and I think that is a problem. I would make it so only 10 gifs came up and if you wanted to look up more, there will be a link at the bottom to a second page of gifs that correlate to the term you searched. The last thing I would change is making the page more responsive to the media queries. I did not do much to this because I did not want to mess up what was already working for me. In the future I want to learn more about this and I do not feel that comfortable with it. There are other things that I can work on because I do not think this page is very good and I want to continue to work on it so I can become a better programmer. I do not think I used the flex boxes in the correct way and in the future I would rather make the gifs that come up to be more centered on the page. There are a lot of things that I realized I am not good at but this was a good start to using Javascript and linking it to my page.